README.md, before:

# Appointment Notebook

React + Vite single-page app for managing appointments with a custom UI and local persistence.

## Scripts

- `npm run dev` - start the dev server
- `npm run build` - production build
- `npm test` - unit + component tests (Vitest)
- `npm run test:e2e` - Playwright E2E tests (non-visual)
- `npm run test:all` - unit + component then E2E
- `npm run test:visual` - visual snapshot tests (Playwright)
- `npm run test:visual:update` - update visual snapshots
- `npm run generate:airports` - refresh the generated airport mapping

## Playwright setup

Install browsers once:

```bash
npx playwright install --with-deps
```

## Visual snapshots

Run visual snapshots:

```bash
npm run test:visual
```

Update snapshots when intentional UI changes are made:

```bash
npm run test:visual:update
```

If you need linux-baseline updates from CI, run the "Update Visual Snapshots"
workflow in GitHub Actions. It will open a PR with refreshed snapshots.

## Airport dataset generation

Generate the static airport mapping used for timezone and country lookups:

```bash
npm run generate:airports
```

Commit the updated `src/data/airports.generated.js` after running the script.

Commit message:

Stabilize visual snapshots for CI

README.md, after:

# Appointment Notebook

React + Vite single-page app for managing appointments with a custom UI and local persistence.

## Scripts

- `npm run dev` - start the dev server
- `npm run build` - production build
- `npm test` - unit + component tests (Vitest)
- `npm run test:e2e` - Playwright E2E tests (non-visual)
- `npm run test:all` - unit + component then E2E
- `npm run test:visual` - visual snapshot tests (Playwright)
- `npm run test:visual:update` - update visual snapshots
- `npm run generate:airports` - refresh the generated airport mapping

## Playwright setup

Install browsers once:

```bash
npx playwright install --with-deps
```

## Visual snapshots

Run visual snapshots:

```bash
npm run test:visual
```

Update snapshots when intentional UI changes are made:

```bash
npm run test:visual:update
```

Visual snapshots are generated on Linux (CI). For canonical baselines, update snapshots on Linux or via CI.

If you need linux-baseline updates from CI, run the "Update Visual Snapshots"
workflow in GitHub Actions. It will open a PR with refreshed snapshots.

## Airport dataset generation

Generate the static airport mapping used for timezone and country lookups:

```bash
npm run generate:airports
```

Commit the updated `src/data/airports.generated.js` after running the script.
